# Maintenance & Care, by Shannon Mattern

The focus on maintenance rather than innovation is something that stands out to me, especialy when today many companies push to make the next big thing. Maintenance is important to keep society functioning, so someone has to do it. Innovation is what gets all the attention on the news, which is understandable since maintanence can be boring to dicuss. Maintenance isn't discussed as just physical repairs like fixing a bridge. But also things like social systems. An example is Medicare. This is something that is addressed by policymakers and is maintained while also having changes made to it. The maintenance of thins that make up society can be overlooked, making them overlooked and unrewared. There may be a bias for focusing on new things that are built compared to what is maintained. Something that came to mind is how Google is known for starting projects and then no longer supporting many. And it makes me think that they are trying to find a new profitable project and therefore trying ti innovate rather than maintaining projects they made?

# How To Do Nothing, Resisting the Attention Economy by Jenny Odell (Introduction & Ch. 1) 

Here "doing nothing" is not just being idle but instead an intentional strategy that can help you during stressful times. It was said to be a survival tactic by the author. Places that have art can allow for one to pause and think. You can also sit down in a park. Reading this makes me think about how I do something similar. I feel like I am productively doing nothing. I'll get up and walk for some time in between sessions of studying / doing homework. Of course, as I walk I am not getting work done. But the break allows me to continue working once I sit back down when I would have otherwise gotten distracted on my phone and would use up even more time than a walk would. Speaking from experience. My question is does this idea of “doing nothing” go against the modern idea of what productivity is? What does it even mean to be productive?
