# Deliverables

Pictures of my bot are in this folder

The part I chose to have powered was the one that vibrates. It's been very cloudly lately, but there have been times where the sun powered it, resulting in movement of my bot. It stops as soon as it isn't directly in light. Something interesting I noticed is that it works indoors, but only when placed under specific lights. When I first made the bot, I was in the cafe of 370, and when I placed it under those circular lamps, it did not work. The same goes for when I pointed my phone flashlight at it. However, it worked under other lights, being the light above the mirror in one of the bathrooms, the ceiling light in my dorm kitchen, and the bulb of a lamp back home. The lights in which the bot was powered all had something in common, being that they were more yellow, while the others such as my flashlight were white. So it is a certain type of light that works, but I don't know what the difference was aside from color and the yellow lights being possibly older. 

I think low energy behaviors feel compatible with this energy. There are times where the sun is out and can provide energy, and times when it cannot. And if you want to use the energy when the sun is not out, it needs to be something that won't use up all the energy quickly and then it doesn't work for the rest of the night.

Living with intermittence makes me have a hands off approach, since I can't control when it gets power, for the most part. I can place it in a certain place and at an angle of course. It makes me think about how if everything depended on if the sun was out, you have to work with what's available compared to being able to do most things whenever like how you can now because energy is always available to most.

I discovered that energy for a solar panel can come from sources asude from the sun, which was really interesting since I don't know how that works. I always thought it was only the sun that could give energy. What if I put a solar panel under a lamp that powered it. It would be self powering lamp. I don't know, that just popped in my mind, but I don't see that working or being reasonable. Of course the sun should just be used anyway.