# How To Thrive In The Next Economy by John Thackara (Ch. 2)

THe mention of how a fungal filament can reach thousand of times farther than a tree root. I looked it up and some are a few miles long which was really interesting and picture in my mind. The reading goes from interesting to then mroe serious as it then discusses how so much soild is being used and not replaced. And how it can be seen like a countdown in regard to when soil won't be of good enough quality for harvest anymore, which can have serious consequences abruptly. I knew little to nothing about soil until recently and always just viewed it as something that will always be there. But I didn't know it loses quality over time, and it makes me think of how many more people do not know the importance of and threat there is to soil. Unless it's just me. I feel like there should be more voices talkibg about soil and what we can do to help extend how long our soil lasts. Of course, there are countless things that need attention in the world.

# How To Thrive In The Next Economy by John Thackara (Ch. 5)

When the author starts off by describing sounds of refrigeration uints, it helped me picture how it feels like we are just at the end of a large machine where the food is ultimately made available to us. Whether that is at a supermarket or a fast food restaraunt, it feels less like "just a place to get food" when thinking of everything leading up to when I buy food. The line of french fries makes me think about how the scrambled eggs served at the dining halls here come in bags already scrambled and just get reheated. I just assumed they were scrambled somewhere in the kitchen but no, they are probably scrambled at a factory which then means who knows what gets put into the food to make sure the now-cracked eggs last. So now I don't eat the eggs unless I see them cracked in front of me (at dining halls). When it comes to a sit down restaraunt, I can't know.